Apple2026-07-26 6:34 PM
Hello,

Thank you for your resubmission. Upon further review, we identified additional issues that need your attention. See below for more information.

If you have any questions, we are here to help. Reply to this message in App Store Connect and let us know.

Review Environment
Submission ID: d7d9bffc-25c2-40b9-bc7c-4d2aac820056
Review date: July 27, 2026
Review Device: iPad Air 11-inch (M3)
Version reviewed: 1.0 (1777395743)

Guideline 3.2 - Business

Issue Description

We still found in our review that the app is intended to be used by a specific business or organization, including partners, clients, or employees, but you've selected public distribution on the App Store in App Store Connect. Since the App Store is intended for apps with a public audience, we recommend reviewing the other distribution options available to you through your Apple Developer Program Account. 

If you believe our assessment is incorrect and the app is intended for a general, public audience, clarify why in your response to the questions provided below.

Next Steps

If the app is intended for use by a specific business or organization, review the other distribution options available for apps designed for specific businesses or organizations and choose a distribution option that works for the app and users. You can review these app distribution options on Apple Developer. 

If you believe the app is intended for a general public audience, review the following questions and provide as much detailed information as you can for each question:

1. Is the app restricted to users who are part of a single company or organization? This may include users of the company's partners, employees, and contractors.
2. Is the app designed for use by a limited or specific group of companies or organizations? 
- If yes, which companies or organizations use this app? 
- If not, can any company or organization become a client and utilize this app?
3. What features in the app, if any, are intended for use by the general public? The general public refers to a wide range of users who can discover, download, and use an app without invitation, pre-approved registration, or affiliation with a specific organization.
4. How do users obtain an account?
5. Is there any paid content in the app and if so who pays for it? For example, do users pay for opening an account or using certain features in the app?


Guideline 2.1(a) - Performance - App Completeness
Issue Description

The app still exhibited one or more bugs that would negatively impact users.

Bug description: Tapped to adde sole-mate and an error message is shown.

Review device details:

- Device type: iPad Air 11-inch (M3) 
- OS version: iPadOS 26.5.2
- Internet Connection: Active

Next Steps

Test the app on supported devices to identify and resolve bugs and stability issues before submitting for review.

If the bug cannot be reproduced, try the following:

- For new apps, uninstall all previous versions of the app from a device, then install and follow the steps to reproduce.
- For app updates, install the new version as an update to the previous version, then follow the steps to reproduce.

Note that users expect apps they download to function on all the devices where they are available. For example, apps that may be downloaded onto iPad devices should function as expected for iPad users. 

Guideline 2.5.1 - Performance - Software Requirements

Issue Description

The app still uses the HealthKit or CareKit APIs but does not clearly identify the HealthKit and CareKit functionality in the app's user interface.

Apps using these APIs should be clearly indicated to provide transparency and valuable information to users. 

Next Steps

To resolve this issue, it would be appropriate to clearly identify the HealthKit and CareKit functionality in the app's user interface.

If the app already clearly identifies the HealthKit and CareKit functionality in the app's user interface, reply to this message and provide a screen recording on a physical device showing where this identification can be found. Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions. 

Guideline 5.1.1(v) - Data Collection and Storage

Issue Description

The app supports account creation but does not include an option to initiate account deletion. Apps that support account creation must also offer account deletion to give users more control of the data they've shared while using an app.

Follow these requirements when updating an app to support account deletion:

- Only offering to temporarily deactivate or disable an account is insufficient.
- If users need to visit a website to finish deleting their account, include a link directly to the website page where they can complete the process.
- Apps may include confirmation steps to prevent users from accidentally deleting their account. However, only apps in highly-regulated industries may require users to use customer service resources, such as making a phone call or sending an email, to complete account deletion.

Next Steps

Update the app to support account deletion. Once account deletion has been added, or if it is already in place, reply to this message with a screen recording captured on a physical device that demonstrates:

- Creating a new account or signing in with the demo account
- Navigating to the account deletion option
- The complete account deletion flow from initiation to confirmation

Include the recording in the Notes field of the App Review Information section in App Store Connect for future submissions.

If the app is unable to offer account deletion or needs to provide additional customer service flows to facilitate and confirm account deletion, either because the app operates in a highly-regulated industry or for some other reason, reply to App Review in App Store Connect and provide additional information or documentation. For questions regarding legal obligations, check with legal counsel.

Resources

Review frequently asked questions and learn more about the account deletion requirements.
Support
- Reply to this message in your preferred language if you need assistance. If you need additional support, use the Contact Us module.
- Consult with fellow developers and Apple engineers on the Apple Developer Forums.
- Request an App Review Appointment at Meet with Apple to discuss your app's review. Appointments subject to availability during your local business hours on Tuesdays and Thursdays.
- Provide feedback on this message and your review experience by completing a short survey.

Test on the latest betas
Betas of iOS 27, iPadOS 27, macOS 27, tvOS 27 and visionOS 27 are now available. Download the latest betas to prepare your app for upcoming software releases. Learn more about installing and using Apple beta software.